Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. ― Martin Luther King Jr.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. ― Plato
From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be blade that was broken, The crownless again shall be king. ― J.R.R. Tolkien
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights. ― Bram Stoker
Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light. ― Dylan Thomas
Sometimes when I look at you, I feel I'm gazing at a distant star. It's dazzling, but the light is from tens of thousands of years ago. Maybe the star doesn't even exist any more. Yet sometimes that light seems more real to me than anything. ― Haruki Murakami
There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in. ― Leonard Cohen
Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires. ― William Shakespeare
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart. ― Kahlil Gibran
The heavier the burden, the closer our lives come to the earth, the more real and truthful they become. Conversely, the absolute absence of burden causes man to be lighter than air, to soar into heights, take leave of the earth and his earthly being, and become only half real, his movements as free as they are insignificant. What then shall we choose? Weight or lightness? ― Milan Kundera
In the sunset of dissolution, everything is illuminated by the aura of nostalgia, even the guillotine. ― Milan Kundera
When you light a candle, you also cast a shadow. ― Ursula K. Le Guin
A man who seeks only the light, while shirking his responsibilities, will never find illumination. And one who keep his eyes fixed upon the sun ends up blind. ― Paulo Coelho
What is dark within me, illumine. ― John Milton, Paradise Lost
There are two kinds of light ― the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures. ― James Thurber
She was bendable light: she shone around every corner of my day. ― Jerry Spinelli